Add document and change the syntax on the steps for Drag and Drop (#4580)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app.adoc

When I select element located by `id(uploadfile)` and upload file `/folder/file_for_upload.png`
----

=== Drag and drop steps

This set of steps facilitates the dragging and dropping of elements on a web page.

> Desired position relative to the target element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
it's not applicable to all steps

> ==== The drag and drop using mouse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Drag and drop using mouse
```

> This step for a drag-and-drop operation for specified elements.

Reviewer: please follow the same approach as for other steps, e.g.:
```suggestion
Performs drag-and-drop operation for the specified elements.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
When I drag element located by `$draggable` and drop it at $location of element located by `$target`
----

> * `$draggable` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$draggable` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged.
```

> * `$location` - Target position relative to the target element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$location` - The target position relative to the target element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).
```

* `$target` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.

.Dragging the image on the page
[source,gherkin]
----

> When I drag element located by `id(item-number)` and drop it at RIGHT_BOTTOM of element located by `id(item-number)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When I drag element located by `id(item-number)` and drop it at right bottom of element located by `id(item-number)`
```
let's make it more readable

----

> ==== The drag and drop operation simulation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Drag and drop simulation
```

> This step simulates a drag-and-drop operation for specified elements,
> replicating the behavior without actual mouse actions performed.

Reviewer: please follow the same approach as for other steps, e.g.:
```suggestion
Simulates a drag-and-drop operation for specified elements,
replicating the behavior without actual mouse actions performed.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
When I simulate drag of element located by `$draggable` and drop at element located by `$target`
----

> * `$draggable` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$draggable` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged.
```

When I select element located by `id(uploadfile)` and upload file `/folder/file_for_upload.png`
----

> === Hover mouse over the element

Reviewer 2: remove this title

=== Drag and drop steps

This set of steps facilitates the dragging and dropping of elements on a web page.
Desired position relative to the target element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).

> ==== The drag and drop operation is real

Reviewer 2: remove `is real`

The drag and drop operation is real

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I drag element located `$draggable` and drop it at $location of element located `$target`

Reviewer 2: deprecated syntax here

----

* $draggable: - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged
* $location: - Action to select the position state of the element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).
* $target: - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.

.Dragging the image on the page
[source,gherkin]
----

> When I drag element located `$draggable` and drop it at $location of element located `$target`

Reviewer 2: deprecated syntax

----

==== A drag and drop operation is simulated

> 

Reviewer 2: add description

[source,gherkin]
----
When I simulate drag of element located `$draggable` and drop at element located `$target`
----

* $draggable: - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged
* $target: - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.

.Simulation of dragging an image onto the page

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I simulate drag of element located `$draggable` and drop at element located `$target`

Reviewer 2: deprecated syntax

When I select element located by `id(uploadfile)` and upload file `/folder/file_for_upload.png`
----

=== Drag and drop steps

This set of steps facilitates the dragging and dropping of elements on a web page.
Desired position relative to the target element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).

==== The drag and drop using mouse

This step for a drag-and-drop operation for specified elements.

[source,gherkin]
----
When I drag element located by `$draggable` and drop it at $location of element located by `$target`
----

* `$draggable` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged

> * `$location` - Action to select the position state of the element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).

Reviewer: it's not really action, but rather target position relatively to the target element

* `$target` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.

.Dragging the image on the page
[source,gherkin]
----
When I drag element located by `id(item-number)` and drop it at RIGHT_BOTTOM of element located by `id(item-number)`
----

==== The drag and drop operation simulation

This step simulates a drag-and-drop operation for specified elements,
replicating the behavior without actual mouse actions performed.

[source,gherkin]
----
When I simulate drag of element located by `$draggable` and drop at element located by `$target`
----

* `$draggable` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged
* `$target` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.

.Simulation of dragging an image onto the page

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[source,gherkin]
----
When I simulate drag of element located by `id(item-number)` and drop at element located by `id(item-number)`
----

> Moves a mouse cursor on the element.
> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> When I hover mouse over element located by `$locator`
> ----
> 
> _Deprecated syntax (will be removed in VIVIDUS 0.7.0)_:
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> When I hover mouse over element located `$locator`
> ----
> 
> * `$locator` - The <<_locator,locator>> to an element to hover.
> 
> .Step example
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> When I hover mouse over element located by `id(hoverme)`
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Duplicated docs

When I select element located by `id(uploadfile)` and upload file `/folder/file_for_upload.png`
----

=== Hover mouse over the element

=== Drag and drop steps

This set of steps facilitates the dragging and dropping of elements on a web page.
Desired position relative to the target element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).

> ==== The drag and drop operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== The drag and drop using mouse
```

[source,gherkin]
----
When I drag element located by `$draggable` and drop it at $location of element located by `$target`
----

> * $draggable: - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged
> * $location: - Action to select the position state of the element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).
> * $target: - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$draggable` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged.
* `$location` - Action to select the position state of the element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).
* `$target` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.
```

.Dragging the image on the page
[source,gherkin]
----

> When I drag element located by `$draggable` and drop it at $location of element located by `$target`

Reviewer: put actual values instead of argument placeholders

----
When I drag element located by `$draggable` and drop it at $location of element located by `$target`
----

> ==== The drag and drop operation is simulated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== The drag and drop simulation
```

> This step simulated a drag-and-drop operation for specified elements,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step simulates a drag-and-drop operation for specified elements,
```

> replicating the behavior without actual user interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
replicating the behavior without actual mouse actions perfromed.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
When I simulate drag of element located by `$draggable` and drop at element located by `$target`
----

> * $draggable: - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged
> * $target: - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$draggable` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged.
* `$target` - The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.
```

> .Simulation of dragging an image onto the page
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Simulation of dragging an image onto the page
```

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I simulate drag of element located by `$draggable` and drop at element located by `$target`

Reviewer: put actual values instead of argument placeholders

----

> === Hover mouse over the element

Reviewer: what's this for?

Moves a mouse cursor on the element.

[source,gherkin]
----
When I hover mouse over element located by `$locator`
----

_Deprecated syntax (will be removed in VIVIDUS 0.7.0)_:
[source,gherkin]
----

> When I hover mouse over element located `$locator`

Reviewer: 😮

include::partial$proxy-steps.adoc[]

=== Window Steps

> ==== Drag and drop steps

Reviewer: it has actually nothing about windows, I would say it's more about mouse actions

This set of steps facilitates the dragging and dropping of elements on a web page.
Desired position relative to the target element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).

[source,gherkin]
----
When I drag element located `$draggable` and drop it at $location of element located `$target`
----

* $draggable: The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the element to be dragged
* $location: Desired position relative to the target element (TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, RIGHT, CENTER, LEFT_TOP, RIGHT_TOP, LEFT_BOTTOM, RIGHT_BOTTOM).

> * $target: The <<_locator,locator>> to identify the target element.

Reviewer: please follow common approach to describe parameters
